CORE-6297 added doc for vnode commands (#2031)
corda/corda-runtime-os: tools/plugins/virtual-node/README.md

> # Virtual Node Cli Plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Virtual Node CLI Plugin
```

> Upload and overwrite earlier stored CPI record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uploads and replaces a previously stored CPI record.
```

> Any sandboxes running an overwritten version of CPI will be purged and optionally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin purges any sandboxes running an overwritten version of a CPI and optionally
```

> vault data for the affected Virtual Nodes wiped out.

Reviewer: Can we use something other than "wiped out" ? Deleted?
How is it optional? Is this a subcommand or configured somewhere?

Reviewer 2: Yes, "deleted" would be fine.

There will be an additional sub-command which will allow choosing whether to delete the DB or not once @benmcmahon100 changes are merged.

> vault data for the affected Virtual Nodes deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deletes vault data for the affected Virtual Nodes.
```

Reviewer: We will need to add info about the sub-command
